family What's up How are you doing? Well, I
just found a little bit of time to
chat with you all, eight minutes, which is the
length of the video. And I sincerely have to
thank you for the
reception you're getting,
really, all the channels, I mean, all three
channels, these days have been
absolutely crazy, okay, absolutely
crazy. Look how crazy our day is
today, okay. Look how crazy our day is today, it's
crazy, I don't
know if I do
n't know if we should go for a walk while I
discuss this with you. I'm going to
try. Okay, but I can't guarantee anything. I might have to
go see my
family again,
a few things. I wanted to discuss this with
you. First of all, about
Marina. Well, Marina is very angry and,
above all, she's very excited. I'm going to see
if between now and Tuesday, Wednesday, when I
come and she wants to come
visit us, she's
calmer and can and can
calmly tell us about that
conversation she had with Marta. What
happened? What's going on?
What was hinted at? No,
no, at least stop so we know, at
least so we know. No, then as
soon as I get back, as soon as I get back,
Marina's coming.  and explains it to us okay for
now of course
you're following
all of her networks Look how beautiful Look
how beautiful
Look how beautiful This neighborhood
or little town whatever it is okay
keep an eye on Marina's Twitter
okay keep an eye on Marina's Twitter because
there she goes on and on she
explodes from time to time and well I
wanted to comment with you all on a clip that
I saw on Twitter this morning and the
truth is that I didn't like it I mean
honestly despite the fact that the
protagonist of the story Miguel
frienti is not my favorite collaborator and you
all know that despite the fact that I have
nothing against him of course he
's not my favorite collaborator But
honestly I think
that the people who are applauding what
happened to her are a little bit crazy I mean I think
we live in a
time in which human beings have more or less
evolved okay the animals
yes when they wanted to court the
females well they showed their virility between them
and it
was Let's see who was the most macho no Let's
see who was the one that hit the
hardest no let's see what the peacock had
no he opens his feathers but  man among
humans I would
say that things are solved in
another way okay I'm talking about
Miguel Frienti being hit he's been
hit a good option with an
open hand but in a literal way or rather
Jacobo 8 meets Miguel Frienti in
a nightclub and he's angry because he
had it in for him because Miguel Frienti
spoke ill of his father days after
his father's death which I understand that it
hurts no but let's see if he hits him
hard and on top of that you say it like that
on television I've just been
left frozen I've been left
frozen Look how nice
Oh how nice okay I'm going to go
inside because it's a bit hard for me to
even talk in the cold not a little I mean it turns out
that Miguel Frienti
apparently said unpleasant things about
this man when he died okay because
there's one thing that happens very often and I'm
going to say it With all due respect in the
world okay I'm going to say it With all due
respect but you're going to agree with me
when someone dies be it a
celebrity or a singer
whoever it is Okay when someone
dies When someone suddenly leaves
everyone either out of
empathy or  Well for whatever reason he
has the habit of
deifying them And
how good he was that I don't know what I mean It seems
that people have to die to be
good no and I think that's a mistake I mean of
course there are people who have to be
remembered in a good way But there are people
who I don't there are people that
everyone has to be respected for that Of
course but one thing is respect and
another thing is that once they die
people have to say Oh how good he
was or he was the best let's see each one in
life reaps the memory that will remain
of him as a person no
and sincerely With all the respect in the
world because I understand that each one
feels their own pain but With all the
respect in the world
Jaime eight did some pretty
questionable things Okay and not only would
I like some pretty questionable things
but he is also a man who well he has
been a man exposed to the
show business he has been a man who has
sold his life and he is a man of
course who has been
exposed to criticism all the time I mean people
can have an opinion on all the episodes
that surround this man Okay
then I understand that
yes it is true no that  the days in
which or rather the hours after death
Well out of respect for the family, especially
not the deceased, let's be a little more
tactful when it comes to giving our opinion and I
understand that Miguel Frienti wouldn't
have that right okay In fact it sounds familiar to me Even
the program that it was and it seems to me that they
took things from him about you
know,
things about
not being a very nice man No you
all know what I'm talking about then
of course I understand that when you
hear those things about your father when
your father has just passed away it hurts you
and you get angry and you want to do something to
the person who said that and such No
but man I do
n't think I can
forgive myself for my opinion okay And tell me if
you agree with me but I don't
consider that the best way to
combat
what they're saying about your father is to
be violent because in the end the majority
of people are saying on Twitter
that you
're doing what you've been taught
okay And I'm really saying this with
the utmost respect possible and
I also have a father I have children I have uncles I have
had grandparents I have loved them and I have
loved them like crazy And I understand that
when they say things like  our
loved ones hurt us
but the solution is never violence
okay I think
in a more elegant way infinitely
more elegant any day there could have been
days later I could have entered the program I
could have written a letter some
tweets some public statement and given
Miguel Frienti a good talking to
because he has to be
hit in a more civilized way and we
would have applauded okay if you
slap someone and send them to the
hospital which obviously let's see both
you and I know that the thing about
Miguel Frienti being in the hospital because of
a blow is a blow with an
open hand it can hurt you it can
make your face red it can
even make you swell up it
can do many things to you no but let's see it's
surely because of the issue of the
complaint because obviously Miguel
Frienti will have reported it logically I would
do it too and this could
bring about a criminal record for Jacobo a
very bad image that he can no
longer work in any public place
bad image for his companies the truth
is that it harms him in all ways I do
n't know at what point
he thought that was good  idea
okay I mean thinking that that's the way
to solve things is what
anyone would think and I'm not saying it's
Jacobo because I don't know him okay
But what any little brat in a nightclub would think
since when are we in the square
What are we there fighting with liters What is that who
hits him
hit him so much learn to respect they're
not going to report you you're going to pay
the person who spoke badly
of your father you're going to look terrible your image is
going to look terrible with all the brands and
with all the jobs you want to have
And probably
more physio from the cold, the coldest of the cold you
could probably end up with a
criminal record let's see it's not going to
be the greatest thing in the world you're not going to
go to jail of course but let's not
be animals let's be civilized There are
many other
truly civilized ways to hit someone
but without a hand okay And there's little else
left to add okay I wanted to comment on
this in this video because there are many
people applauding Jacobo For the simple
fact that we don't like Miguel cold let's
see I like him No, I'm not  in
a hurry almost to see I don't like him or
dislike him I don't care I don't agree
with most of his thoughts with
his ideology with his positions
but violence never I am totally
against violence okay I have
seen it in high school I have seen it in
school I have seen it and I don't think that when
we are 30 40 years old it is the way okay a
bad blow from a man can
hurt you that to begin with the second thing is that it is
not that he is not civilized It is that he is not
civilized and it is not that it is not something to
give you any medals man you have
three times the account it is that precisely we
were talking about this in the
kids' room the other day on the other channel you have
three times the body of the one
you hit the guy
that person You knew that he was going to
get hit he was not going to defend himself man I do
not like fights in and of itself
even if they are between two people who are On the
same level but that you hit
a person who has the body
of Miguel freygente and the malice to
fight not the street of Miguel frienti
makes no sense at all And on top of that like
you  You said well in the call that on
top of that he wasn't even polite in
the call he had in this clip
that I saw of a party. No man, on top of that
you start saying that you yourself
recognize that you have. How was the word?
Yes, it has disturbed a little the good
work of the disco, not the good
atmosphere of the disco, man, they invite you
to a disco and you are there because
you are who you are and you start to form that
gang as if we were as if we
were canis. Anyway, family, tell me what you
think, I send you a
huge hug and we'll see you in the next video.